1. Matlab codes for PC-enhanced LAD Model I and Model II for attacking XOR Arbiter PUFs

   

2. Function description

   - Main.m: Accuracy comparison of three methods: LR, PC-enhanced LAD Model I, PC-enhanced LAD Model II. 

   - Generation_Data.m: Generate XOR PUF data, including the weights of XOR PUF instance, training set, and test set

   - GenTestSet.m: Generate non-repetitive CRP test set
   - XORPUFgeneration.m: Use a Gaussian distribution with a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 0.05 to generate the weight vector of the XOR PUF instance
   - sampling.m: Randomly generate non-repetitive CRP data set
   - sigmiod_fn.m: Implement the sigmoid function
   - Transform.m: Conversion of challenge data by phi function (0,1)->(-1,1)
   - ComputeResponseXOR.m: Calculate the output of each APUF of XOR PUF
   - LR_XAPUF.m: Generate a training model based on the training set through logistic regression (LR), and test it on the test set
   - unifiedRamdonSplit.m: Divide training set, test set
   - getModelRPROP_XORPUF.m: Train the weight model through the Rprop gradient update method
   - classify.m: By the trained model weight, get the response 0 or 1 for each challenge vector
   - accuracy.m: Calculate the accuracy of the model generated by the logistic regression method
   - getGrad_XORPUF_model.m: Get the gradient of model weight
   - LR_XAPUF_PCA_Experiment.m: PC-enhanced LAD Model I, using all PCs with all challenge bits
   - LR_XAPUF_PCA_Rd_Challenge.m: PC-enhanced LAD Model II, using all PCs with challenge bits that are randomly selected. Multiple models are aggregated via majority voting over 50 times. The accuracy results are recorded every ten runs during majority voting.
   - LR_XAPUF_PCA_GetTestSet.m: Use logistic regression to train LAD  model, subroutine called by PC-enhanced LAD Model I and II
   - getResponse_XORPUF_model.m: Get the XOR PUF response through the sigmoid function

 

3. Some of the files or functions are adopted from the iPUF package. 

   The iPUF paper is,
    P. H. Nguyen, D. P. Sahoo, C. Jin, K. Mahmood, U. R¨uhrmair, and M. van Dijk, “The interpose PUF: Secure PUF design against state-of-the-art machine learning attacks,” IACR Transactions on CHES, vol.2019, no. 4, pp. 243–290, Aug. 2019.

   

   The URL of the package,

   https://github.com/scluconn/DA_PUF_Library/tree/master/MatLab_simulation/LR_XORPUF